Jira V2 - fixed command jira-get-id-by-attribute to return only active users (#11677)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/1_2_13.md

#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2

> - Fixed an issue where the command **jira-get-id-by-attribute** returned a list of active and inactive users. Now, the new endpoint returns a list of only active users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **jira-get-id-by-attribute** command would return a list of active and inactive users. Now, the new endpoint returns only a list of active users.
```
